Indians who were former migrants and
only spoke their own native languages so
when these non-english speakers were
introduced to Standard English they
influenced English with their own native
languages molding it into what we know
today as Singlish like any other
language Singlish has its own sets of
rules and vocabulary you can use
Singlish to get your points across
faster with lesser words for example in
standard English you would say seems
like it is going to rain today I think
it would be best for you to bring an
umbrella out which comes to a total of
21 words whereas when you use English
you could say
that's only seven words another
interesting example is the Singlish word
La that originates from his Chinese
counterpart La is very versatile and can
be used for many different contexts for
example you can say sorry to make your
apology sound less formal if you want to
blame someone you could say oh your
thought La where the LA emphasizes your
anchor you can also use l to reassure
someone by saying don't worry can fix
one ah as shown Singlish has a different